TEST-198 Update smarter testing onboarding docs (#10511)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/test/pages/set-up-test-impact-analysis.adoc

== 1. Enable test impact analysis in your test-suites.yml file

Add the `test-impact-analysis` option to your `test-suites.yml` configuration.

[source,yaml]
----
---
name: ci tests
# ...
options:
  test-impact-analysis: true
----

== 2. Run locally

> Use `--doctor` locally to validate the `test-suites.yml` is set up correctly. The CLI runs additional analysis checks when test impact analysis is enabled. If any results look incorrect, an action item is provided to resolve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--doctor` locally to validate the `test-suites.yml` is set up correctly. The CLI runs additional analysis checks when test impact analysis is enabled. If any results look incorrect, action items are provided to resolve them.
```

[source,console]
----
$ circleci run testsuite "ci tests" --doctor
----

Follow the steps until all checks pass.

include::ROOT:partial$tips/testsuite-working-directory.adoc[]

Once all checks pass, follow the "Next steps" from the doctor output to generate initial impact data locally and send it to CircleCI.

NOTE: Depending on the test runner, the first run of analysis can take a long time because every test atom needs to run analysis.

== 3. Run in CI

Commit the `.circleci/test-suites.yml` changes to your feature branch and push to your VCS. Follow your usual process to merge to your default branch.

> === Optionally verify in CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#verify-in-ci]
=== Verify in CI (optional)
```

> After analysis has been generated and locally and sent to CircleCI, verify test impact analysis is working correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After analysis has been generated locally and sent to CircleCI, verify test impact analysis is working correctly by following these steps:
```

. In the CircleCI web app, navigate to your pipeline and open the test job.
. Check that the job was successful with skipped test atoms in the "Test" tab.

> . Modify a source file that was analyzed, then push. Only the test atoms that cover the modified file are selected to run. Look for the "Selecting tests..." output in the job to confirm the correct test atoms are selected and the reason for selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Modify a source file that was analyzed, then push. Only the test atoms that cover the modified file are selected to run. Look for the `Selecting tests...` output in the job to confirm the correct test atoms are selected and the reason for selection.
```

      include: true
----

=== Overriding tests selected for run and analysis

> The `--analyze-tests` and `--run-tests` flags give you fine-grained control over how the `testsuite` command behaves. Most projects do not need to set these flags -- the defaults work automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--analyze-tests` and `--run-tests` flags give you fine-grained control over how the `testsuite` command behaves. For most projects you can rely on defaults to work automatically with no need to set these flags.
```
